hey everyone my name is Ashton with
yogiapproved.com and today we're here to
bring to you the October edition of our
favorite things every month we get
together here at the office and we look
for our favorite new products to bring
to you to help you live a happy healthy
yoga lifestyle and as you can see we've
got a lot of fun and interesting stuff
here for you today so I can't wait to
share it with
[Music]
you
Rebel Elixir is a company that I just
have the utmost respect for they have
super good for you organic herbal Elixir
I'm holding their matcha latte which is
matcha green tea and coconut milk it is
an energizing healthy and frothy treat
love this I'm also currently obsessed
with iced coffee so I was really excited
when I discovered that they also have a
maca cold brew this Maca cold brew is
organic cold brew coffee coconut milk
and Macar root which not only gives you
sustained energy it also gives you
stamina and adrenal support and I
haven't found another coffee that can
boast those benefits monk has brought to
us the first portable and personal
essential oil diffuser so what we
actually do with this is we inhale
through the mouth and exhale through the
nose essential oils and wild plant
extracts and this brings your Wellness
benefits of aromatherapy to a whole new
level I am holding their Zen blend it's
amazing for your yoga practice for your
shavasana or your meditation it is made
with frankincense and other extracts and
really gives you this calm sense of
clarity they also have the vibrant blend
in addition to five other Blends on
their site but the vibrant blend has
lemon ginger and it gives you nice
energize concentration and inspiration
perfect for before your workout or
throughout your day I was so exced
excited when I discovered that there is
an organic plant-based deodorant that
works and smells amazing this is the
leaf infusion deodorant by Blue
beautifly and this is made entirely of
herbal extracts and essential oils and
it goes on smooth without any residue
the best part is that it absorbs all the
moisture and the odor effectively
without any harsh ingredients I love
wearing it I'm wearing it right now and
I've been wearing it since I found it
these yoga spars by mama cuka are the
most Innovative and simple design yoga
straps that I've seen they are so
convenient and easy to use which I love
for beginners who might not have a lot
of experience using yoga straps a great
way to help you bridge the gap in
certain yoga poses deepen your
stretching or work with your binds and
this design is just what I love so much
what I have here is Mama ca's Yogi Pro
kit the kit comes with two of each size
so it's perfect for all forms of your
yoga practice ice let's talk about my
outfit I'm pretty excited about it I'll
start with the top this is the Hazel
halter crap Top by Montiel Montiel makes
an entire line of yoga active wear
that's super comfortable fashionable and
high performance this tank fits right
into that description I love it I wear
it to yoga and then out and about my day
cuz it looks great on and off the mat
and it's very comfortable material great
fit I'm wearing it in Plum my leggings
are by Ami yoga and these are their
marble leggings adorable print they feel
as amazing as they look and as much as I
love their AC of wear and their high
performance my favorite aspect is that
they have customade to order designs
that's awesome last but certainly not
least this is a kids yoga mat from
dragonfly yoga and what I love about
this is that they have teamed up with
Nickelodeon to print awesome popular
kids TV shows right on the mats and what
an awesome way to Inspire your kid out
to do yoga this is the Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles mat and this is the PAW
Patrol in pink so there's something for
every kiddo out there what I love about
these mats for kids is that they're
super lightweight and they're
inexpensive and most importantly they
are philate and latex free if you're
interested in learning more about the
products you can click on the links
below or read the full article and be
sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel
so you can stay up to date on all of our
latest videos see you next time
[Music]